KES migration (WIP) (#299)
minio/docs: source/minio-cli/kes/kes-identity.rst

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. mc:: kes identity

The :mc:`kes identity` command temporarily adds or removes :ref:`identities
<minio-kes-authorization>` to or from :ref:`policies <minio-kes-policy>` on a
KES server. The command can also list available identities on the command line.

All changes made by :mc:`kes identity` are lost when the KES server restarts. To
make persistent changes to KES policies, modify the :kesconf:`policy` section of
the KES :ref:`configuration file <minio-kes-config>`. Specifically, for each
:kesconf:`policy.policyname` to modify, you must add/remove the identities
to/from the :kesconf:`policy.policyname.identities` array.

This page provides reference information for the :mc:`kes identity` command.

- For more information on KES Access Control, see
  :ref:`minio-kes-access-control`.

- For conceptual information on KES, see :ref:`minio-kes`.

Examples
--------

Assign an Identity to a Policy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

List Identities on the KES Server
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Remove an Identity from the KES Server
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Syntax
------

.. mc-cmd:: assign
   :fullpath:

>    Assigns a new temporary :ref:`identity <minio-kes-authorization>` to a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Assigns a :ref:`identity <minio-kes-authorization>` to a :ref:`policy <minio-kes-policy>` on the KES server, temporarily.
```
